Update readme (#1)
Rbanism/gdcu-data: README.md

# 5. SHARING/ACCESS INFORMATION
## 5.1 Licenses/restrictions placed on the data:
The Geospatial Data Carpentry for Urbanism data is made available under the
ODbL 1.0 license, as it is derived from:
- OpenStreetMap data licensed under the ODbL 1.0 license

> - Gapminder data licensed under the CC BY 4.0 license

Author: Please check what other sources we are using for dutch data. For sure AHN and a Dutch luchtfoto's dataset, and possibly something else from PDOK for the the data with municipalities.

Reviewer: Added the other sources in commit 178828ffdb8c93cef6e5298f22670125c24d48d0. 
I couldn't verify that the national and municipal borders were obtained through PDOK, but it is possible to obtain them through it.

Author: I spcified below the actual service name used for borders.

## 5.2 Links to other resources:

### 5.2.1 Links to other publicly accessible locations of the data: 

- [Workshop episodes](https://carpentries-incubator.github.io/r-geospatial-urban/)
- [Workshop repository](https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/r-geospatial-urban)
- [Gapminder dataset](https://www.gapminder.org/data/)
- [OSM data](https://www.openstreetmap.org/about)

### 5.2.2 Links to publicly accessible scripts for analysis of the dataset:
- [Carpentry Repository](https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/r-geospatial-urban)

### 5.2.3 Was data derived from another source?

> Yes, from OpenstreetMap and Gapminder datasets.

Author: Update based on 5.1

Reviewer: Updated in commit 178828ffdb8c93cef6e5298f22670125c24d48d0

## 5.3 Recommended citation for this dataset:
Forgaci, C., Cottineau, C., Wilczynska, A., Petrovic, A., Cannatella, D.,
Urria Yáñez, I., San Millán Tejedor, J., Conceicao, J. F., Janssen, K.,
Garcia, M., Kubilay, S. (2024). Geospatial Data Carpentry for Urbanism Workshop

> Data. Zenodo. 

Author: We need to add the DOI here after we reserve it on 4TU.RD.

# 5. SHARING/ACCESS INFORMATION
## 5.1 Licenses/restrictions placed on the data:
The Geospatial Data Carpentry for Urbanism data is made available under the
ODbL 1.0 license, as it is derived from:
- OpenStreetMap data licensed under the ODbL 1.0 license
- Gapminder data licensed under the CC BY 4.0 license
- AHN data licensed under the CC0 1.0 license
- Luchfoto data licensed under the CC BY 4.0 license

> - PDOK data licensed under the CC BY 4.0 license

Author: ```suggestion
- Bestuurlijke Gebieden (obtained from PDOK.nl) licensed under the CC BY 4.0 license
```

## 5.2 Links to other resources:

### 5.2.1 Links to other publicly accessible locations of the data: 

> - [Workshop episodes](https://carpentries-incubator.github.io/r-geospatial-urban/)
> - [Workshop repository](https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/r-geospatial-urban)
> - [Gapminder dataset](https://www.gapminder.org/data/)
> - [OSM data](https://www.openstreetmap.org/about)
> - [AHN data](https://www.ahn.nl/en)
> - [Luchtfoto data](https://www.luchtfoto.nl/)
> - [PDOK data](https://www.pdok.nl/datasets)

Author: These are not locations of our dataset, so I would write N/A instead.
```suggestion
N/A
```
